This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to anyone, living or dead, is coincidental and unintentional.
Your eyes closed.
Abracadabra.
Afternoon, Del.
Jonathan.
Martha, what a surprise.
What brings the reclusive kents to town?
Tulips. Red ones, if you have them.
What about a tiger orchid?
No thanks. Martha has her heart set on tulips.
Yes, well, they are a very uncomplicated flower.
That is a beautiful dress, Lana.
Are you a princess?
I'm a fairy princess.
Hey, where are her parents?
Well, they're at homecoming game with everyone else.
I'm being the good aunt.
Do you want to make a wish?
I would love to make a wish.
Okay, abracadabra.
Abracadabra.
I know what you wished for.
I see a little face.
It's all I ever wanted.
Hey, looks like small girl won again.
See, time for you to promise me to bless our neighbor?
She's been so she's been gentle.
According to our rules,
기억 process is usually about Год и Соверш시죠́бль.
And's always been,
רос scent of the moon uhй corazón.
Is it車 рот,
Or a hardt Flame?
Did you drop it?
It was a cable,
the crazy win via line through it.
He can't smell that.
And he's in 11th eggs.
Incoming,
My話 can't handle guests any longer!
The аckhm Min aufge sûr'mül
Ha,
April 7thpas,
Abelabos-
Help me.
Help me, please.
God's earth.
Hi, Lana.
Mommy, Daddy.
Linda!
jóvenes
organizations
balh bueno
Meredith Roche Kennedy
family
Melissa Crawford
Young Investigative
ballet
PEICU
Well strong body
Help me!
No!
What's happening, Jonathan?
Lex!
Where are you?
I'm here.
Lex?
Martha?
Kids just don't fall out of the sky, Martha.
Then where did he come from?
I don't know.
But he must have parents.
Well, if he does, they're definitely not from Kansas.
I'm sure he will.
I don't know.
I just thought you'd be the one who could tell me.
I know.
Oh, I know.
I'll be right there.
Sweetheart, we can't keep him.
We're gonna tell people we found him out in the field.
We didn't find him.
He found us.
trouverажи.org
Here Are Your Solutions
Marquette! You're gonna be late for the bus.
Coming, Mom.
Uh, uh...
It tastes better on a barrow.
Where'd you learn your manners?
On a farm.
Well...
Afternoon, sleepyhead.
Oh, don't forget, I have class tonight,
so you two are on your own, and don't order pizza.
There's plenty of food in the fridge.
Hey, what you got there, son?
Permission slip.
It's for the football team.
Couple spots opened up. I'm having trout this afternoon.
Come on, Dad.
You played football in high school?
That was different, son.
Why? You know why.
I figured I'd run at half speed
and that won't hit anybody.
A lot of things can happen in the heat of the game, son.
Most new guys hardly even play.
Chances are I'll ride the bench half the season.
Dad, I can't be careful.
I know that you can be careful,
but what if there's an accident?
I'll be careful.
Look, uh...
Clark, I know this has got to be really hard for you,
but you got to just hang in there like we promised.
I'm sick of hanging in there.
All I want to do is go through high school
without being a total loser.
I can't believe you bet against your best friend.
Statistical fact.
If Clark moved any slower,
he'd be extinct.
I knew it.
So, anyone ask you to the dance?
Not yet.
Maybe you and I could go together.
I mean, not as a date-date thing,
more of a friend-friend thing.
Hi, guys.
Uh, didn't you just...
Through what? A black hole?
Clark, you have to excuse our intrepid reporter.
Seems as though her weirdo is on DEATH CON 5.
Just because everyone else chooses to ignore the strange things that happen in this leaky little hamlet,
doesn't mean that they don't happen.
Now, you know we'd love to join you and Scooby inside the mystery machine for another zany adventure,
but, uh, we gotta hand in these permission slips before homeroom.
Actually, Pete, I'm having second thoughts.
I don't think signing up for the team is such a great idea.
Clark, listen. This is the only way.
Wait, wait, wait. You two are trying out for the football team?
When is this? Some sort of teen suicide pact?
Ah, what?
We're trying to avoid becoming this year's scarecrow.
What are you talking about? Why are we whispering?
It's a homecoming tradition.
Every year before the big game, the football players select a freshman,
take him out to Riley Field, strip him down to his boxers, and then paint an S on his chest.
Then string him up like a scarecrow.
Jeez, that sounds like years of therapy.
What are you waiting to happen?
Why do you think we're trying out for the team?
I figure they won't choose one of their own.
Just do nothing.
I'll see you guys in class.
Bye.
Give him ten seconds.
Five.
One, two, three, four, five.
Statistical facts.
Clark Kent can't get within five feet of Lana Lang without turning into a total freak show.
Nietzsche.
I didn't realize you had a dark side, Clark.
Doesn't everybody?
Yeah, I guess so.
So what are you? Man or Superman?
I haven't figured it out yet.
Lana.
There you are.
Hey, Clark.
I was wondering if you could do me a humongous favor.
Could you check over my English paper?
I didn't finish it till 2 AM, so I'm not too sure about the ending.
I bet it's great.
Dude, are you feeling all right?
You look like you're about to hurl.
Fine.
Shut up.
I've just come home.
Okay.
I'm taking unofficially for your tôchirico.
Could be leyxy.
You don't have to pretend to again or anything like that.
I'll try again, if you don't go with the same way I don't think you will.
Oh, I'll try again someday.
Keep it Adjust.
I won.
We're friends.
Hey.
Stay with me.
Don't be shy.
Thanks, Dad.
Ready, down, set, hut!
Hey!
Proud Victory!
Red and cold, no doubt!
We're here to win! Watch out!
Let's go!
Clark!
How do I look?
Like a tackle dummy.
Good luck.
Relax, don't experience the wind, k aluminum.
You'll second safely.
He's a man.
Call me Macfarlane.
Leg it down, Bing.
Not bad.
We're even, right?
Your good luck.
I got it!
Thanks, bikes!
Bye, traffic!
Bye, folks!
Uh, yeah.
Bet heels!
Uh-huh!
What?
Come on.
Don't die on me.
I could have sworn I hit you.
If you did, I'd be...
I'd be dead.
Clark.
Son, you all right?
I'm okay.
Who's the maniac that was driving that car?
That would be me.
Lex Luthor.
I'm Jonathan Kent.
This is my son.
Thanks for saving my life.
I'm sure you would have done the same thing.
You're quite an extraordinary boy there, Mr. Kent.
If there's any way I can repay you...
Drive slower.
All right, I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
Where is she, anyway?
Bridge Club?
Lex Luthor's.
I didn't know your aunt was in with the Luthors.
She sold them a ton of land.
They own the Metropolis Sharks.
She could put in a good word for me.
If you want someone to put in a good word, ask Clark.
You saved Lex's life today.
You're kidding.
Sometimes people can surprise you.
I think it's kind of cool.
Yeah.
Coach said a scout from Kansas state's coming to the game on Saturday.
That's great.
I don't want to be a remember him.
Smallville's got enough of those guys.
I want you to wear this to the game on Saturday.
I can't take this.
You can give it back after you win.
Is it really made from a piece of the pie?
I mean, you're that, you know.
So much bad luck came out of it.
There can only be good luck left.
Jeez, kid.
Scared the crap out of me.
Don't I know you?
You look like
that's the guy
that scared Crow, kid.
Where the hell you been?
Hey, Freakazoid.
Wake up.
That was 12 years ago, man.
It was just a game.
What do you want?
To play.
Hey, Mom.
Who's truck?
Yours.
It's a gift from Lex Luther.
Dear Clark, drive safely.
Always in your debt.
The maniac in the Porsche.
I don't believe it.
Where are the keys?
Your father has them.
I don't know how much you want it, son.
But you can't keep it.
Why not?
I saved the guy's life.
So you think you deserve a prize?
That's not what I meant.
Look, how about you drive the new one and I'll drive the old one?
Everybody wins.
This is not about winning, Clark.
It's not like the Luthers can't afford it.
Clark, I know you're upset.
Son, but it's normal.
Normal?
How about this?
Is this normal?
Clark!
I didn't dive in after Lex's car.
It hit me at 60 miles an hour.
Does that sound normal to you?
I'd give anything.
It's going to be normal.
It's time, son.
It's time for what?
The truth.
I want you to take a look at something.
I think it's from your parents.
Your real parents.
What does it say?
I tried to decipher it for years,
but it's not written in any language known to man.
What do you mean?
Your real parents weren't exactly from around here.
Where are they from?
What are you trying to tell me, Dad?
That I'm from another planet?
You're a chicken scum.
You've set aside your MB?
Her little plump and overlay sponsors 싶y personality.
Mr. Macến.
You're being cranky.
You're trying to make me a fool?
Not only and when I'm drunk,
but on top of it,
she's also shaking her Crus paranoid laryngal mind.
Oh!
I'm sure you that's fikin some approve me.
Amen.
And more than that.
This is4
им
Um Em
My frickin bitch,
Why didn't you tell me about this before?
We wanted to protect you.
Protect me from what?
You should have told me.
Mark!
Who's there?
It's me.
Clark.
Clark Kent?
What are you doing creeping around the woods?
You'd never believe me if I told you.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
Clark, wait.
I just wasn't expecting to see anyone out here.
Are you okay?
I'm hanging out in a graveyard.
Just to strike you as okay behavior.
Hey.
I'm here too.
Good point.
What's your story?
Can you keep a secret?
I'm in the Fort Knox of secrets.
I...
I came out here to talk with my parents.
You must think I'm pretty weird.
You know, conversing with dead people.
No, I...
I don't think you're weird, Lana.
Do you remember them?
They died when I was three.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault, Clark.
Come on.
I'll introduce you.
I'm sorry.
It's Fairchild.
I'm Supra.
Pat, I'm your very except tiny sister.
I don't think that fertility can make you feel anything different.
I am not my sister, too.
Then what are you?
You don't know.
I only have a real thing.
You're an older sister to my new brother.
Randall, I'm not your sister.
I'm the one who left Sue.
I only bought Lou.
I do what I wanted to do.
I am her sister.
They are her sister.
Yes.
I would like to know.
I'd like to know.
Yes, please.
Would you mind if I hang out with Kaylee?
I would.
No.
I don't have time for that.
Please, you know it's a good backyard識ed...
to know if you're upset about a guy.
No, no.
He has a twisted sense of humor.
Seriously, Clark, why are you out here?
Honey, you ever feel like your life was supposed
to be something different?
Sometimes I dream about school, waiting for Nell
to pick me up.
But she doesn't come.
So my parents drive up.
They're not dead.
They're just really late.
And I get in their car, and we drive back to my real life
in Metropolis.
It's usually when I wake up.
For a minute, I'm totally happy, until I
realize I'm still alone.
What's that, Mrs. Lang?
Yeah, I'll tell her.
Your mom wants you to know that you're never alone,
that she's always looking over you, no matter what.
What's that, Mr. Lang?
Your dad thinks you're a shoe-in for homecoming, Quinn.
What?
Oh.
She had to stay overnight in the other room.
There's nothing for a mother to say.
She wanted to write all through one night,
and Dr. Martino had to write this for her last wedding.
She said that wanted to know if anyone wouldが
ever die.
That so sad.
I thought I'd sure then tell you she was still there.
But the inside is beige.
Oh, Jessica?
Can we take a picture?
I didn't mean to.
I just wanted to have someone talk.
You were in my concert?
What?
It's been a while.
So are you going to the dance?
Yeah, Whitney
Right
Of course
How about you?
Nah, figured I'd sit it out
Well
If you change your mind
I might save you a dance
Goodnight, Clark
この
Hello
Hasta
Aid
Just
Clark?
I didn't see you.
I, uh, buzzed, but no one answered.
How'd you get through the gate?
Kind of squeezed through the bars.
This is a bad time.
Oh, no, no.
I think high-key I sufficiently kicked my ass for the day.
This is a great place.
Yeah?
You're dead and in the market for something to haunt.
Well, I meant it's roomy.
How's the new ride?
Clark, that's why I'm here.
What's the matter?
You don't like it?
No, it's not that.
I can't keep it.
Clark, you saved my life.
I think it's the least I can do.
Your father doesn't like me, does he?
It's okay.
I've been bald since I was nine.
I'm used to people judging me before they get to know me.
It's nothing personal.
He's just not crazy about your dad.
Figures the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Understandable.
What about you, Clark?
Did you fall far from the tree?
I'm ready to go.
Thanks for the truck.
Clark.
Do you believe a man can fly?
Sure, in a plane.
No, I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about soaring through the clouds
with nothing but air beneath you.
People can't fly, Lex.
I did.
After the accident when my heart stopped.
It was the most exhilarating two minutes of my life.
I flew over Smallville, and for the first time,
I was in a plane.
I was told there's something
about some planet iwant to see.
Now…
I didn't see a dead end.
I saw a new beginning.
We are the future, Clark.
That's the third guy this week.
And they're all former jocks.
Who's the weirdo?
I don't know. Let's check him out.
His name is Jeremy Creek. This is a picture of him 12 years ago.
This is one I took four hours ago.
That's impossible. He'd be like 26 today. Must be a kid who looks like him.
My money was on the evil twin theory.
Until we checked his missing persons.
Jeremy disappeared from the state infirmary a few days ago where he'd been in a coma for 12 years.
They say he suffered from massive electrolyte imbalance.
That's why he hasn't aged a day.
So you're telling me he just woke up?
Well, no. There was a huge electrical storm and the hospital's generator went down.
And when it came back on, Jeremy was gone.
Electricity must have charged him up like a Duracell.
And now he's back in Smallville putting former jocks into comas. Why?
Because 12 years ago today they chose Jeremy Creek as the scarecrow.
Comatose boy found in field 20 yards from meteor strike.
The exposure to the blast must have done something to his body.
No, this can't be right.
I think you ought to show him.
Show me what?
It started out as a scrapbook and just kind of mutated.
What is it?
I call it the wall of weird.
It's every strange, bizarre and unexplained event that's happened in Smallville
since the meteor shower.
That's when it all began.
When the town went schizo.
So what do you think?
Why didn't you tell me about this?
Do you tell me everything that happens in your life?
We all keep secrets, Clark.
Lana?
It's all my fault.
Chloe, just leave me alone.
Congratulations, Clark.
You're this year's scarecrow.
Don't mess with me right now.
Come on, bring it on.
What's going on with you and Lana?
Nothing.
Huh?
Do you like your necklace?
Good.
Because it's as close as you're ever going to get to her.
Come on, hurry up.
We want to go.
I just want to see her.
Let's go.
We're right now.
We're in this.
Let's go.
Just bring it on.
We're just going to have to do it.
Let's go.
We're Santino.
We're wants a piece.
Come on, man!
log.
We want a piece!
God У battery Prophet Revealed
Ronaldo Uля
Ronaldo Uling
Sport Black
Smart
Trade
Dream
It never changes.
Help me.
Hurts, doesn't it?
You're...
You're Jeremy.
I thought if I punished them it would stop.
But it never stops.
Wait.
Where you going?
Homecoming dance.
Never made it to mine.
Get me down, please.
You're safer here.
Help me.
Clark?
Oh, jeez.
Who did this to you?
Doesn't matter.
I'm not gonna let you go.
Clark, you need to see a doctor.
You'll be okay.
At least let me give you a ride.
I don't think I can see you, Clark.
Where at?
No.
Stop, Clark.
What?
People like люди whether he loves their story
or not is unequivocal...
Maybe, maybe.
Me above your title as kırk.
What I love is murky sugar withview.
Jeremy, come on.
We better get him down.
Or the crut tassee will...
I don't know how you got here.
You should have stayed away.
I won't let you hurt my friends.
Those people in there aren't your friends.
Sprinklers will get them nice and wet.
I'll handle the rest.
They never did anything to you.
I'm not doing this for me.
I'm doing this for you and for all the others like us.
What happened to you was my fault.
I can understand your pain.
I'm not in pain.
I have a gift.
And a purpose.
And a destiny.
So do I.
Give it up, Jeremy.
Give it up.
Are you okay?
Who are you?
Where am I?
I'm Clark Kent.
You're in Smallville.
I want to go home.
You never said too much.
I really shook the weight so I knew
From watching you
Nobody else can ever know
The part of me that can't be
I didn't see you tonight, Clark.
Lana.
What are you doing here?
I saved you that dance.
Is everything okay, Clark?
It's perfect.
I got you.
Thanks for the dance, Lana.
You're all I need.
You're everything, everything.
You're all I want.
Would you tell me how could it be any better than this?
Catalunya Guinea-итесь!
you
Thank you.